hello it's Ruby so today I'm going to be
showing you all of the preparation for
university that I did over a couple of
days these with my last few days really
at home excluding a weekend
[Music]
so this particular movie I try to leave
my breakfast I just burnt my toast and
that was the last piece we had in so I
had to add cereal with water because we
didn't have anyone at home and actually
it wasn't as bad as it sounds and looks
and then of course I made myself some
tea
excuse the very messy hair at the moment
I've just had a shower you see we went
swimming in a lake yesterday and after
sleeping I wake up and I thought
actually that's disgusting I need to
wash my hair today I'm gonna be fixing
and getting stuff done ready for
university this is my University to-do
list no doubt I will be adding to this
over the course of today basically just
spin into study homework admin and
packing I am going to be trying to cross
off as many of these things today as I
can
okay I've been keeping all of my
university stuff up here almost cieariy
[Music]
so the first thing I was doing here was
preparing the full organization for each
of my modules so I decided to use one
zip file per module and then buy one
notebook and put everything for that
module so all of the lecture notes and
flashcards in this particular folder so
it's so so easy to keep track of and he
doesn't take up that much room when I
bring things in my bag for lectures last
year I used to folder and it just really
didn't work very well because I ended up
typing up all of my notes anyway
[Music]
so I'm doing four modules in my fast
turn
I've got historically Jesus or I've got
this nice composition a verb but then I
got philosophy of Mines plus V of
mileage and velocity of psychiatry
calligraphy titles on the networks and
I'm going to be using these folders
exactly things imitates lectures so then
this is a little later but this
particular day I went food shopping with
my granddad we went little and I just
unpacked all of the food
[Music]
thank you
and then I decided to make some lunch
[Music]
say I made a vegetable lasagna but it's
not really a designer is just using
lasagna pasta sheets
[Music]
this is my very strange-looking lasagna
okay so the next thing I'm going to do
is just write a list of one of the foods
that I want to have in my name at
University this is something I did last
year but I was a bit kind of over the
top of it the less was very long and I
don't think I asked to be that arm so
I'm using the app out of milk which is
really really good it's a really great
way to track foods that you have in so
you basically have your pantry list in
your shopping list and then when you run
out of something in your pantry and it
puts that straight on your shopping list
[Music]
so the next thing I wanted to write out
was just some goals particularly these
were security goals so I basically just
came up with a list do a few things I
was definitely going to do to make sure
that I stayed safe so you know not
walking back alone at night
and then the next thing I did was make
my packing list so I decided to actually
go with a different format to the one
that I made last year
this one is digitalized and I just used
Google sheets to separate out each of
the different sections so I had clothes
kitchenware whom were decoration this
was so great because then they could
just highlight in yellow the things that
I packed them put them in Brad if I
couldn't find them etc so then this next
thing I was doing was just some planning
for my room so I thought about where
things would go
[Applause]
and then I just went downstairs and
quickly on stack the dishwasher and I
also decided to tidy the table because
it was really messy and I had also
bought some flowers for the kitchen
table whilst I was out so I put these up
and then I went outside the dogs this is
something I really miss when I'm at
university so I made such a huge effort
to do this every day a few time so I
really loved the countryside I love
trees I love greenery I love nature and
that's actually one of the things I love
most about Exeter because it does
actually have the highest proportion of
students to trees out of any university
in the UK which is my favorite fact at
the university I love that when you walk
around campus it is green and there are
trees and the ten minutes away you blow
on these beautiful walks which seem like
they're in the middle of nowhere so the
cool thing about running ducks is as the
name suggests they run as a pack so when
they move you'll always see them moving
together
[Music]
okay so right now just got something to
do for Harry Potter Society next year
because I'm the vice president of the
Society which is very cool basically
just for the afresh it's got a scavenger
hunt lined up which is really exciting
and I'm just going to write up some new
questions to do with my location like
trivia questions for the hunt okay so
here I was just coming up with some
trivia questions for the Harry Potter
Society
pop quiz night which is very I'm really
looking forward to you and I just came
up with about 30 questions really
difficult questions for the pop quiz
[Music]
I'm going to register for the new year
of university this is something you've
got to do at the beginning of every new
year and I haven't done it yet it went
live five days ago and I've got till
next month they say it takes about half
an hour I'm so gonna sit down and get
that done
[Music]
okay I am gonna make a start on packing
and I actually found this old hamper so
one thing I like to do before going back
to university is just going through my
wardrobe and declutter well I didn't
bring all of my clothes with me when
they go to university I just bring my
favorite things and making that list of
items which I want to bring highlights
to me that I don't actually really
really love everything in my wardrobe so
it's a good incentive just to get here
and get rid of Centanni
[Music]
so then I had to get started with
properly properly packing so here I was
packing up my kitchenware and because I
had it on the carpet I will of course be
washing this when I get to university
and this was really good fun to do
[Music]
and then after that in the afternoon I
returned to my famiiy Tosh's and her cat
told me is the beauteous things I had to
include this book
[Music]
and look at that surprise surprise I'm
back outside with the dogs and when I
got back inside I just decided to do
some washing up and emptied the
dishwasher again
[Music]
and also tidy my room and while it's a
really good idea to tidy your room like
quite thoroughly before going to
university because I found a few bits
that I have marked in red on my packing
list and I could just put this straight
in my box to bring with me and then next
I went through my toiletries and just
decided which bits I was going to bring
to university and then here I was
planning for something which was
happening in my first week at university
because I'm doing a school visit which
is really really cool I'm really looking
forward to it and I was just doing some
planning for that so this is something I
obviously wanted to get done before I
left because freshers week is going to
be quite busy I didn't want to have that
hanging over me
[Music]
so then here I was packing clothes and I
just put all of my sect jumpers in a
laundry bag with my bedding because they
don't really need to be folded and they
take up a lot of room in cases
[Music]
so I then just did some quick ironing I
iron to this pair of pajamas aren't a
shirt these pajamas get crinkled so
easily and I hate wearing them when
they're crinkled most things I think are
okay when they crinkle but these just
crease so much that without
uncomfortable to work this is so much
better so then after that I just tried
to find some affordable bedding sets and
then I just did some research into
societies to see which ones I wanted to
join this year so I pretty much knew
which societies I wanted to join but I
just went through the extra website
where they list all the societies at
Exeter they're actually 250 societies to
choose from and I narrowed that down to
about 10:15 which I've shortlisted and
then I will decide for certain during
freshers week but one Society that I'm
really excited about joining and which I
know I'm going to join is SAFF Society
because I really like surfing I've been
doing it since I was 3 and this is a
great way to actually make sure that I
keep on practicing it because I love it
so much and then here I was buying some
prizes for the Harry Potter Society pub
quiz which I was telling you about
before so the winners get a prize so I
went through at sea and Amazon and
ordered a few unique gifts I really hope
that they like them so there we go that
is everything that I was doing to
prepare for university over the last few
days I hope that you enjoyed this video
[Music]